Sortable: update dropFeedbackMode (#6053)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxSortable/1 Configuration/dropFeedbackMode.md

>   Items move apart with animation, allowing room for the dragged item to be placed. To use this mode, ensure that the [allowDropInsideItem](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxSortable/1%20Configuration/allowDropInsideItem.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSortable/Configuration/#allowDropInsideItem') is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Items move apart with an animation, allowing room for the dragged item to be placed. To use this mode, ensure that the [allowDropInsideItem](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxSortable/1%20Configuration/allowDropInsideItem.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSortable/Configuration/#allowDropInsideItem') is disabled.
```

- *"indicate"*    

>   Items do not animate, a blue square appears at the place where the dragged item is going to be placed. The source item remains in place, only the cloned item is dragged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Items are not animated and a blue square appears at the place where the dragged item is going to be placed. The source item remains in place - only the cloned item is dragged.
```
